What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	To initalize a repository run the command "git init"

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	Staging area is an intermidate stage where the files are ready for commit. Working directory contains all the files including committed, not committed and new ones. Repository is the container of everything.

How do you compare changes between working directory and staging directory?
	Run the command "git diff" (without any arguments)

How do you compare changes between staging directory and repository?
	Run the command "git diff --staged"

How to remove unwanted changes from the working directory or staging area?
	Run the command "git reset --hard" (**** be very careful becuase this is not recoverable!!! ***)

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	Make changes in the working directory then keep on adding those in staging area. Once the logical end is reached then commit the changes.

How do you check the number of branches?
	Run the command "git branch" (without any argument)

How do you create a new branch?
	Run the command "git branch <branch name>".

How do you switch to (checkout) a branch?
	Run the command "git checkout <branch name>"

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	When want to do some experimental work or different type of work or more than one person are working on teh fixes.

How do you see commit history in graph representation?
	Run the command "git log --graph --oneline <master branch> <another branch>"

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	It helps to understand the path of each branch. Also it helps to identify if there is an commit which can not be reached by a branch.

How to merge "branch1" to master?
	Checkout master by running the command "git checkout master"
	Then run the command "git merge branch1" or run the command "git merge master branch1"

How to compare a commit to it's parents?
	Run the command "git show <commit_id>"

How to restore the files to their state before you started the merge>
	Run the command "git merge --abort"

How to delete a branch (ideally after merging)?
	Run the command "git branch - d coins".

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	All changes got combined to master branch. It helps to understand the logical branching and hierarchy of the commits.

How to merge in case of a conflict?
	Run the merge command as is.
	Conflict shows the conflicted file.
	Open the file and resolve the conflict..
	Run "git status" -> should say "both modified: <file name>"
	Run "git add" to add to stage area.
	Run "git status" again.
	Run "git commit" if all looks okay.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	TBD

